gateway-luna-helm-sample/dockerfile/README.md, before:

# Dockerfile for Gateway with Luna HSM Integration 

## Description
This sample Dockerfile builds a Gateway 10.1 image that can connect to Luna HSM 7.

## Prerequisites/Dependencies
The Dockerfile has specific steps to install the Luna Client 10.2 + Luna Client jdk11 patch.  The following files are required from Thales:

- 10-000401-002_SW_Minimal_Client_10.2_Linux_RevA.tar
- 630-000419-001_SW_Patch_jsp_fix_jdk11_UC_Clnt_10.2.0_Custom_Release.zip 

## Installation
To build the image:

1. Rename 610-000401-002_SW_Minimal_Client_10.2_Linux_RevA.tar to LunaClient-Minimal-10.2.0-111.x86_64.tar.

2. Place both the LunaClient-Minimal-10.2.0-111.x86_64.tar and zip patch file to the same directory as the Dockerfile.

3. Create a file named hsm-server-secret.txt and add the password for the <HSM_USER> account. This user and password will be used to ssh to the HSM appliance to copy over the HSM Client's certificate. Currently, the certificate is generated by the dockerfile.  The dockerfile can be modified to use an existing certificate.  Please see dockerfile contents for more details.

4. Execute the following command to build the image:
   `DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -t <IMAGE_NAME> --no-cache --build-arg MIN_CLIENT=LunaClient-Minimal-10.2.0-111.x86_64 --build-arg HSM_USER=<HSM_USER> --build-arg HSM_SERVER=<HSM_SERVER> --build-arg CERT_NAME=<CERT_NAME> --build-arg PARTITION_NAME=<PARTITION_NAME> --secret id=hsm-server-secret,src=hsm-server-secret.txt -f Dockerfile .`
   
   CERT_NAME is the name of the certificate that will be generated during image creation.

   **Note**: Re-running docker build will fail unless the client registration is commented out or the previous registration is deleted from the HSM.

5. Start up the container.  At this time, the Policy Manager must be used to enable the HSM Keystore. Click on Manage Private Keys / Manage Keystore/ Enable SafeNet HSM and enter the required information.

6. Scale down and scale up the Gateway.  The Gateway is now using Luna HSM.

## Known Limitations

* Policy Manager must be used to enable HSM on the Gateway once the Gateway has been started.
* For the simplicity of this sample, HSM client registration is done during image creation.  The registration steps can be moved out and be performed at a later time.
* The HSM partition is specified during image creation.  Create a new image if a new partition is to be selected.

Commit message:

Updates for building derived Gateway image with Luna 10.3 client. (#1)
* Remove helm chart in favour of referencing apim-charts

* Dockerfile build updates: remove references to 10.2 client, replace use of $HOME variable with $LUNA_DIR for clarity/Linux conventions, allow user to specify the Luna tar files instead of asking to rename them, readme updates

* Helm chart updates: add helm-example which includes override file (luna-values.yaml), kustomization.yaml to create ssg.security as a secret, update readme instructions.

gateway-luna-helm-sample/dockerfile/README.md, after:

# Dockerfile for Gateway with Luna HSM Integration

## Description
This sample Dockerfile builds a derived Gateway 10.1 image that can connect to Luna HSM 7.

## Prerequisites/Dependencies
The Dockerfile has specific steps to install the Luna Client 10.3 + Luna Client jdk11 patch.  The following files are required from Thales:

- 610-000401-003_SW_Linux_Luna_Minimal_Client_V10.3.0_RevA.tar
- 630-000522-001_Sw_Patch_jsp_fix_for_jdk11_UC10.3.0_Custom_Release.tar

## Installation
To build the image:

1. Place the Luna client and patch archive files into the same directory as the Dockerfile.

2. Create a file named hsm-server-secret.txt and add the password for the <HSM_USER> account. This user and password will be used to ssh to the HSM appliance to copy over the HSM Client's certificate. Currently, the certificate is generated by the dockerfile.  The dockerfile can be modified to use an existing certificate.  Please see dockerfile contents for more details.

4. Execute the following command to build the image:

   `DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -t <IMAGE_NAME> --no-cache --build-arg GW_IMAGE=<GATEWAY_IMAGE> --build-arg CLIENT_TAR_FILENAME=<CLIENT_FILE> --build-arg CLIENT_PATCH_TAR_FILENAME=<PATCH_FILE> --build-arg HSM_USER=<HSM_USER> --build-arg HSM_SERVER=<HSM_SERVER> --build-arg CERT_NAME=<CERT_NAME> --build-arg PARTITION_NAME=<PARTITION_NAME> --secret id=hsm-server-secret,src=hsm-server-secret.txt -f Dockerfile .`

   CERT_NAME is the name of the certificate that will be generated during image creation.

   **Note**: Re-running docker build will fail unless the client registration is commented out or the previous registration is deleted from the HSM.

5. Verify the connection to HSM by running `docker run <IMAGE_NAME> /usr/local/luna/bin/64/vtl verify`

6. Start up the container.  At this time, the Policy Manager must be used to enable the HSM Keystore. Click on Manage Private Keys / Manage Keystore/ Enable SafeNet HSM and enter the required information.

7. Scale down and scale up the Gateway.  The Gateway is now using Luna HSM.

## Known Limitations

* Policy Manager must be used to enable HSM on the Gateway once the Gateway has been started.
* For the simplicity of this sample, HSM client registration is done during image creation.  The registration steps can be moved out and be performed at a later time.
* The HSM partition is specified during image creation.  Create a new image if a new partition is to be selected.
